If it is leadership
I came here with three conditions.
Fair
Still fair.
Leader Chu, we are going to compete.
The winner is the master.
Coincidentally, this nephew also witnessed it.
This.
Great-grandchild
So Sect Master Chu must not have not even given the face of the founder.
Okay.
Today I will show you.
Swordplay accidentally first formula next first formula
Hit the remote to get a sword.
Golden peak
First type followed by third type
Shave the outer circle
It's not fair.
I disagree.
Also women.
Why is the gap so big?
Don't complain.
You practice more.
What is the use of high martial arts?
Look at how poor Nga Mi has become.
Can high martial arts make Nga Mi rich?
Can high martial arts be used as money?
What Emei needs most now is money.
who can make money
Who is qualified to be the owner?
Okay, we better make money.
This month
Who makes more money?
Who is the lord of Nga Mi?
Fooled.
With the help of To Truong Tung.
Making money is not the problem
Talk to boss Su
I am the only one who leads the Emei sect.
I just gave him the first level of the Longevity Technique.